The Outline/Handle widget set, version 0.1.1 alpha.

This version fixes some minor problems with version 0.1, especially a bug in
one of the example programs, which many people notified me about. Some other
enchancements have also been incorporated. Note that keyboard traversal is not
yet properly implemented.

Copyright © 1994 Torgeir Veimo.

Permission is hereby granted by Torgeir Veimo (the "author"), free of
charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated
documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify,
merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software,
and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Except as contained in this notice, the name of the author shall not be used
in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings in
this Software without prior written authorization from the author.

The author reserves the right to change the copyright notice on future
versions of this software at any time without notice.

This is alpha software. Please report bugs and suggestions to
torgeir@ii.uib.no. 

There is also a w3 page which will contain the most up to date version of
this software at http://www.ii.uib.no/~torgeir/work/outline.html.


